\section*{Fueling and Defueling Procedures}

Maintenance technicians are often asked to fuel or defuel aircraft. Fueling procedure can vary from aircraft to aircraft. Tanks may need to be fueled in a prescribed sequence to prevent structural damage to the airframe. The proper procedure should be confirmed before beginning a fueling an unfamiliar aircraft.  


\subsection*{Fueling}  

Always fuel aircraft outside, not in a hangar where fuel vapors may accumulate and increase the risk and severity of an accident. Generally, there are two types of fueling process: over-the-wing refueling and pressure refueling. Over-the-wing refueling is accomplished by opening the fuel tank on the upper surface of the wing or fuselage, if equipped with fugelage tanks. The fuel nozzle is carefully inserted into the fill opening and fuel is pumped into the tank. This process is similar to the process used to refuel an automobile tank. When finished, the cap is secured, and subsequent tanks are opened and refilled until the aircraft has the desired load on board. Pressure refuel occurs at the bottom, rear of the fuel tank. A pressure refueling nozzle locks onto the fuel port at the aircraft fueling station. Fuel pumped into the aircraft through this three and sealed. Gauges are monitored to ascertain when the tanks are properly loaded. An automatic shutoff system may be part of the aircraft system. It closes the fueling valve when the tanks are full. \textbf{[Figure 14-103]}  

Precautions should be used with either type of fueling. First and foremost, it is absolutely essential that the correct fuel be put in the aircraft. The type of fuel to be used is prescribed at the fill port on over-the-wing systems and at the fueling station on pressure refueled aircraft. If there is any question about which fuel to use, the pilot in command, other knowledgeable personnel, or the manufacturer’s  


Onboard aircraft fuel systems must be maintained and serviced according to manufacturer’s specifications. Samples from all drains should be taken and inspected on a regular basis. Filters should be changed at the specified intervals. The fuel load should be visually inspected and tested from time to time or when there is a potential contamination issue. Particles discovered in filters should be identified and investigated if needed. Inspection of the fuel system during periodic inspections should be treated with high concern.  

Most importantly, the choice of the correct fuel for an aircraft should never be in question. No one should ever put a fuel into an aircraft fuel tank unless it is certainly the correct fuel for that aircraft and its engine(s). Personnel involved in fuel handling should be properly trained. Potential contamination situations should be investigated and remedied.  


\textbf{Figure 14-102.} Laboratory tests of fuel samples are available.  

\textbf{Figure 14-103.} A float switch installed in a fuel tank can close the fueling valve when the tanks are full during pressure fueling of an aircraft. Other more sophisticated automatic shutoff systems exist.