\section{Meetings}

\subsection{Pharmacology of General Anesthetic Agents}

At the recent symposium ``Pharmacology of General Anesthetic Agents,'' which was held in conjunction with the meetings of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology in Atlantic City on 17 April 1963, John W. Severinghaus (University of California) challenged present opinions when he suggested that general anesthetic agents exert no direct pulmonary effects, and that they are respiratory stimulants, presumably through action of the central nervous system, when given in concentrations providing light to moderate depth of anesthesia. Data supporting this section of the fact include the fact that the tachypnea associated with the administration of chloroethyl or ethyl ether persists after vagotomy, that the pulmonary surfactant is not changed by anesthetics, and that the anesthetics are not known to alter tone in pulmonary blood vessels. Severinghaus pointed out that at the time of deepest sleep a normal individual’s arterial blood carbon dioxide tension increases on an average of 9 mm-Hg and that there is one therefore justified in regarding this as a respiratory stimulant anesthetic which maintains arterial pCO₂ below 50 mm-Hg. All of the anesthetic drugs studied from this group to date have produced this result when used in concentrations providing moderate depth of anesthesia. The general anesthetics do flatten the CO₂ response curve, but despite a marked reduction in the respiratory response to carbon dioxide, low or normal values for arterial pCO₂ have been found.

One possible site of action of the anesthetics, so far as respiration is concerned, may be an area described by Fink and co-workers in the rostral midbrain of cats. Here an ``awake stimulant'' response, unrelated to carbon dioxide, appears to exist; when the region is freed of inhibitory influences, tachypnea results and breathing is not influenced by CO₂s. The alveolar-arterial pCO₂ gradient in normal awake man is 1 mm-Hg. In most subjects and with most general anesthetics this gradient increases, occasionally reaching 15 mm-Hg or more. Severinghaus indicated that at least a partial explanation for this may be pooling of blood in dependent areas of the lung. He also suggested that the increased inspired oxygen associated with the administration of many general anesthetics may contribute to the gradient through relaxation of pulmonary vasculature and through partial resorption of alveolar air, a mechanism which would run counter to the normal control of ventilation-perfusion ratios.

At the same symposium, Henry L. Price (University of Pennsylvania) described the diverse effects of general anesthetics on the circulation. For example, even after dethoracizing, arterial pressure and cardiac output increase; thiotal pressures decrease little or no change in output; and cyclopropane decreases halothane, on the other hand, increases arterial pressure with or without an elevation in cardiac output. Price reported on models of these hemodynamic actions in man and animals. Animal studies include perfusion of the dog head (isolated except for the remainder of the body), injection of solutions containing general anesthetic agents directly into depressor and depressor areas in the medulla, confinement of anesthetics to the area of the carotid sinus, perfusion, and placement of strips of aorta in solutions containing anesthetics. Experiments with humans illustrated the effect on hemodynamics of interruption of the sympathetic nerve supply to the heart by means of bilateral stellate ganglion blockade, and of increased venous return and right atrial pressure by infusion of the lower extremities. Cyclopropane appears to reduce the activity of medullary depressor mechanisms by a direct action, although the data of Wang and his associates cast some doubt upon this. Such a finding would explain much of the circulatory response to cyclopropane, for the relatively unchecked pressor area would permit the release of norepinephrine from sympathetic endings. This humoral agent increases in the plasma linearly with increased concentration of the anesthetic. Medullary depressor area inhibition would explain the increase in forearm, splanchnic, and renal vascular resistance to occur during administration of cyclopropane. To indicate the paradoxes evident as one studies the circulatory actions of anesthetics, Price reported that cyclopropane sensitized the pressure receptors of the carotid sinus. Such an action alone should lead to reduction in arterial pressure rather than the hypertension so frequently observed. Halothane decreases arterial pressure, total peripheral resistance, forearm, splanchnic, and cerebral vascular resistance, and appears to sensitize the pressure receptors. Findings with the generalized depression of circulatory functions include depression of the heart, a less responsive vasomotor center, and minimal mobilization of norepinephrine