A proverbial Phrase.

Dea dombvodia voga dea vidva voga pesa (or passion) voga. Given with following explanation: Easter-Sunday weather will last the week. More correct probably: the weather of Passion-week will be the weather of Easter-week.

The Conningsburgh phrase (acc. to Low): "Myrk e in Liora, Luce e in Luega, Tim i in Equest in e geungna" (It's dark in the Chimney, but it's light thro' the Heath, it's still time for the stranger to be gone).

In Yell (in "de Herra") this phrase is still preserved in the following form:

Ijostra, niora lestra, lamga, tundra gomgra [myrkt e i ljora, ljost e i lyngi, timi e, at gestirr(genn)] gestirr. With regard to the form gongra, cf. Pær. gongur.

Our Lord's Prayer¹ from Poula (reported by Low in his "Tour thro' Orkney and Shetland", reprinted by Barry and in "Annaler for nordisk oldygjndisk", 1860):

Fy por e i Chimeri. Halight varat nam de. La Konungdum din camna. La sill vi dira gverde i virdin sli cerin av Gomra. Vag us dag u dagloght bragar wist. Giver sindor svar (ever) wass (if) giva gem ao sinda hage vs. Lia wuss e oke vera temp, da livvra for u adlu idu, for do i Konungdum u purdi, a glori. Amen.

An Incantation.

This is found in the tale: "Da Tief I' de Neean" (Shetland Times 1879).

The tale itself, as well as the language used in it, doubtless originates from Al. (Wests).

The formula, which is mainly in Scoto-English, has Norn words sprinkled throughout, some of which show old grammatical endings, that have lost their significance. It runs as follows:

Da stuhl es scarp an fien,
Da sacheles emer a site,
Da vird es sicer en pura,
A glimer i mirk-as-dim hura,
La stuhl an vird ay gyrd
An pro er an skyla, an svirda.

¹ A man still living in Unst was formerly able, according to his own and other's statements, to recite Our Lord's Prayer in Norn, or at any rate, the greater part of it. Some time ago, however, he had an illness which gradually enfeebled his memory, and when I looked him up, he could only remember the following corrupted version: *beris* (his name) *wæd halfe by Thay name* — *sæ himbins (as in Heaven).*